com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/JwtServiceImpl.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.JwtServiceImpl
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/JwtService.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.JwtService
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/RoleServiceImpl.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.RoleServiceImpl
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/repositories/RoleRepository.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.repositories.RoleRepository
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/dtos/UserRegistrationDTO.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.dtos.UserRegistrationDTO
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/MybookshelfApplication.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.MybookshelfApplication
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/models/ResponseError.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.ResponseError
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/dtos/LoanDTO.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.dtos.LoanDTO
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/models/Role.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.Role
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/dtos/ReviewDTO.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.dtos.ReviewDTO
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/dtos/LoggedInUserDTO.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.dtos.LoggedInUserDTO
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/models/ResponseState.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.ResponseState
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/RoleService.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.RoleService
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/repositories/BookRepository.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.repositories.BookRepository
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/LoanService.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.LoanService
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/models/User.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.User
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.User$UserBuilder
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/repositories/LoanRepository.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.repositories.LoanRepository
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/controllers/ReviewController.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.controllers.ReviewController
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/security/JwtTokenFilter.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.security.JwtTokenFilter
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/CopyService.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.CopyService
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/CopyServiceImpl.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.CopyServiceImpl
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/BookService.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.BookService
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/controllers/CopyController.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.controllers.CopyController
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/controllers/RegistrationController.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.controllers.RegistrationController
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/repositories/CopyRepository.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.repositories.CopyRepository
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/UserServiceImpl.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.UserServiceImpl
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/BookServiceImpl.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.BookServiceImpl
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/controllers/LoginController.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.controllers.LoginController
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/controllers/BookController.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.controllers.BookController
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/repositories/ReviewRepository.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.repositories.ReviewRepository
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/models/Loan.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.Loan
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.Loan$LoanBuilder
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/ReviewService.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.ReviewService
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/models/Review.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.Review
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.Review$ReviewBuilder
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/LoanServiceImpl.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.LoanServiceImpl
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/UserService.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.UserService
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/security/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.security.WebSecurityConfig
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/controllers/UserController.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.controllers.UserController
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/models/Book.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.Book
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/services/ReviewServiceImpl.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.services.ReviewServiceImpl
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/models/Copy.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.models.Copy
com/greenfoxacademy/mybookshelf/repositories/UserRepository.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.mybookshelf.repositories.UserRepository
